demos/simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos/README.md, before:

# Simple example of building against an install Trilinos with CMake

This is a small demonstration of how to build an application code using CMake
against an installation of Trilinos.  This example also demonstrates how to
use CTest.


To run this example, do the following steps.

## 1. Configure Trilinos to be installed:

```
  $ cd <any-base-dir>/
  $ mkdir <tril-build-dir>
  $ cd <tril-build-dir>/
  $ cmake \
    -D CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<tril-install-prefix> \
    -D TPL_ENABLE_MPI=ON \
    -D Trilinos_ENABLE_Tpetra=ON \
    [other options] \
    <trilinos-src>
```

NOTE: Must enable at least the Trilinos packages Tpetra in order to build this
example.  But in a real case, enable and install any packages needed by the
application.

## 2. Build and install Trilinos:

```
  $ make -j4 install
```

This will put a file called `TrilinosConfig.cmake` under a subdirectory of
`<tril-install-prefix>/`.

## 3. Configure the example project:

```
  $ cd <any-base-dir>/
  $ mkdir <app-build-dir>
  $ cd <app-build-dir>/
  $ cmake \
    -D CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=<tril-install-prefix> \
    <trilinos-src>/demos/simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos
```

## 4. Build the application

```
  $ make -j4
```

## 5. Run the application test(s):

```
  $ ctest
```

NOTE: That test will not pass unless Trilinos is properly built with MPI and
MPI is working.


## More info and questions

Look into comments in the `CMakeLists.txt` file for more info.

Send questions to trilinos-framework@software.sandia.gov.

**NOTE:** This example gets tested automatically when Trilinos is configured
using the options:

```
  -D TPL_ENABLE_MPI=ON \
  -D Trilinos_ENABLE_Tpetra=ON \
  -D Trilinos_ENABLE_TrilinosInstallTests=ON \
```

and then building and running the tests:

```
  $ ctest -j4 -R TrilinosInstallTests
```

Commit message:

Add test simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos_by_package_build_tree_name (#11545)
This commit does a few things:

* A removeInstall test is split off from the doInstall test

* A new simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos/CMakeLists.by_package.cmake file is created
  to show how to find the packages you want from Trilinos and not actually
  find Trilinos.

* New test simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos_by_package_build_tree_name is added
  which depends on removeInstall and points to the build tree.

This demonstrates and protects using Trilinos packages from the build tree and
how to find Trilinos by packages instead of as a big thing.

demos/simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos/README.md, after:

# Simple example of building against an install Trilinos with CMake

This is a small demonstration of how to build an application code using CMake
against an installation of Trilinos.  This example also demonstrates how to
use CTest.


To run this example, do the following steps.

## 1. Configure Trilinos to be installed:

```
  $ cd <any-base-dir>/
  $ mkdir <tril-build-dir>
  $ cd <tril-build-dir>/
  $ cmake \
    -D CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<tril-install-prefix> \
    -D TPL_ENABLE_MPI=ON \
    -D Trilinos_ENABLE_Tpetra=ON \
    [other options] \
    <trilinos-src>
```

NOTE: Must enable at least the Trilinos packages Tpetra in order to build this
example.  But in a real case, enable and install any packages needed by the
application.

## 2. Build and install Trilinos:

```
  $ make -j4 install
```

This will put a file called `TrilinosConfig.cmake` under a subdirectory of
`<tril-install-prefix>/`.

## 3. Configure the example project:

```
  $ cd <any-base-dir>/
  $ mkdir <app-build-dir>
  $ cd <app-build-dir>/
  $ cmake \
    -D CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=<tril-install-prefix> \
    <trilinos-src>/demos/simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos
```

NOTE: To use the alternative `CMakeLists.txt` file that calls
`find_package(Tpetra)` and links to `Tpetra::all_libs` instead of
`find_package(Trilinos)`, copy the source tree `simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos` to
a directory outside of the Trilinos source tree, copy the file
`simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos/CMakeLists.by_package.cmake` to
`simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos/CMakeLists.txt` and then configure as shown above
(pointing to the copied and modified `simpleBuildAgainstTrilinos` source
tree).

## 4. Build the application

```
  $ make -j4
```

## 5. Run the application test(s):

```
  $ ctest
```

NOTE: That test will not pass unless Trilinos is properly built with MPI and
MPI is working.


## More info and questions

Look into comments in the `CMakeLists.txt` file for more info.

Send questions to trilinos-framework@software.sandia.gov.

**NOTE:** This example gets tested automatically when Trilinos is configured
using the options:

```
  -D TPL_ENABLE_MPI=ON \
  -D Trilinos_ENABLE_Tpetra=ON \
  -D Trilinos_ENABLE_TrilinosInstallTests=ON \
```

and then building and running the tests:

```
  $ ctest -j4 -R TrilinosInstallTests
```
